i think i'm gonna show you the other
chairs gorgeous all right i'm gonna show
them this room so you don't want to be
on camera you better leave dad okay
here's a lovely boy I grabbed monster
too she's gonna turn some lights on for
you guys from the brighter this is the
living room splash kitchen and eyes all
right kitchen over there entry be my age
later living room actually I take you
guys so much more yeah I'm gonna take
you when it's more so i hope this works
and i just got a shallow this one my
where's the disaster here okay we also
have an elevator here here's the kitchen
I was like the master bedroom in there
too it's really nice there's the kitchen
number here
here's a here's an elevator right here
Ashley downstairs right now it's okay
i'm calling it welcome calling the
elevator just called it I'm not gonna
take the elevator because already have a
hold of the homes oh here we go I go
downstairs oh there's the elevator it's
gonna get me don't eat me upstairs but
i'm not there anymore oh here's the best
part about the past it on okay that has
like a theater I don't know where the
lights are though yeah check it out it's
really awesome be something great nice
TV here yeah we also hope to crap before
there was a playstation 3 here our
PlayStation 2 rather said that they got
a playstation 3 but it's not there okay
so yeah
so he on the elevator checking it all
the way back upstairs where I know I
have a signal
oh I'm gonna make you like stairs I'll
come up on the roof how it works I'm
gonna check to see working it'll take
your head through the deck
very short
Oh
oh man of a headache I'm killer sleep in
there maybe I slept a lot yeah my get
home later